README.md, before:

<p align="center">
:wave: Hey, I’m Rodrigo 
<br>

<div id="links" align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/rpereiracruz/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn"/>
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:r.perecruz@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Gmail"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://zenodo.org/search?q=metadata.creators.person_or_org.name%3A%22Pereira%20Cruz%2C%20Rodrigo%22&l=list&p=1&s=10&sort=bestmatch" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Zenodo-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=zenodo&logoColor=white" alt="Zenodo"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Rodrigo-Pereira-Cruz?ev=hdr_xprf" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ResearchGate-00CCBB?style=for-the-badge&logo=researchgate&logoColor=white" alt="ResearchGate"/>
  </a>
</div>

<br>

I’m Rodrigo Pereira Cruz, an independent scholar from 🇧🇷 Brazil, currently pursuing an MSc in Artificial Intelligence (AI) at the University of Essex.

🧠 My work lives at the intersection of **AI** and **metaphysics**, with notable influences from **cognitive science** and **computational neuroscience**. I seek to explore the underlying conditions that allow for not only consciousness and intelligence, but of ontology itself, to arise - all from an *emergentist* and *self-organising* perspective with notable influences from Buddhist epistemology.

---

## 🔍 Academic focus

My main interest lies in **meta-systems**, systems that allow for the existence of other systems, be they computational or ontological.

---

## 🌐 Let's connect

📫 I'm always open to academic exchanges or just a good conversation about intelligence and metaphysics.

---

> *“The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled.”*  
> – Plutarch

Commit message:

Refine academic focus description in README
Expanded description of academic focus to include generative meta-formalisms and their implications.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
:wave: Hey, I’m Rodrigo 
<br>

<div id="links" align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/rpereiracruz/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn"/>
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:r.perecruz@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Gmail"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://zenodo.org/search?q=metadata.creators.person_or_org.name%3A%22Pereira%20Cruz%2C%20Rodrigo%22&l=list&p=1&s=10&sort=bestmatch" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Zenodo-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=zenodo&logoColor=white" alt="Zenodo"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Rodrigo-Pereira-Cruz?ev=hdr_xprf" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ResearchGate-00CCBB?style=for-the-badge&logo=researchgate&logoColor=white" alt="ResearchGate"/>
  </a>
</div>

<br>

I’m Rodrigo Pereira Cruz, an independent scholar from 🇧🇷 Brazil, currently pursuing an MSc in Artificial Intelligence (AI) at the University of Essex.

🧠 My work lives at the intersection of **AI** and **metaphysics**, with notable influences from **cognitive science** and **computational neuroscience**. I seek to explore the underlying conditions that allow for not only consciousness and intelligence, but of ontology itself, to arise - all from an *emergentist* and *self-organising* perspective with notable influences from Buddhist epistemology.

---

## 🔍 Academic focus

My main interest lies in **generative meta-formalisms**, systems that allow for the self-dictated and emergent generation of other systems, mostly ontological in origin and which may range from reality itself to the underlying pillars of cognition.

---

## 🌐 Let's connect

📫 I'm always open to academic exchanges or just a good conversation about intelligence and metaphysics.

---

> *“The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled.”*  
> – Plutarch
